README.md, before:

# Software Credit Requirement

The Software Credit Requirement is a legal tool that software developers can use to require credit for their work.  Using the Software Credit Requirement, software developers can require the same kind of credit that contributors to other kinds of work---motion pictures, music, video games, books, and so on---already receive.  They can also help to establish a norm of appropriate credit in the software industry.

The Software Credit Requirement works by adding an additional requirement to the license applied to the software.  Common open source software licenses like MIT, BSD, Apache, Blue Oak, and GPL do not effectively require credit.  But applying, say, the MIT License _plus_ the Credit Requirement gives others all the rights they usually receive under the MIT License, so long as they give credit.

## Status

The project is currently working toward a version 1.0.0 of [its legal text](./text.md).

That text is a [flipped form](https://flippedform.com/) in everyday English.  If something doesn't make sense to you, that's the terms' fault, not yours.  Please [open an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/creditstxt/credit-requirement/issues/new) so we can fix it together.

## Roadmap

- [ ] Version 1.0.0

- [ ] Compile a registry of projects using the terms.

- [ ] Submit the text to [SPDX](https://spdx.org) for standardization as a license exception.

## Permission

Each contributor licenses you to do everything with the Software Credit Requirement that would otherwise infringe that contributor’s copyright in it.

Commit message:

README permission clause: don't mention credits.txt
see https://github.com/creditstxt/credit-requirement/pull/4#discussion_r314486549 (comment)

README.md, after:

# Software Credit Requirement

The Software Credit Requirement is a legal tool that software developers can use to require credit for their work.  Using the Software Credit Requirement, software developers can require the same kind of credit that contributors to other kinds of work---motion pictures, music, video games, books, and so on---already receive.  They can also help to establish a norm of appropriate credit in the software industry.

The Software Credit Requirement works by adding an additional requirement to the license applied to the software.  Common open source software licenses like MIT, BSD, Apache, Blue Oak, and GPL do not effectively require credit.  But applying, say, the MIT License _plus_ the Credit Requirement gives others all the rights they usually receive under the MIT License, so long as they give credit.

## Status

The project is currently working toward a version 1.0.0 of [its legal text](./text.md).

That text is a [flipped form](https://flippedform.com/) in everyday English.  If something doesn't make sense to you, that's the terms' fault, not yours.  Please [open an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/creditstxt/credit-requirement/issues/new) so we can fix it together.

## Roadmap

- [ ] Version 1.0.0

- [ ] Compile a registry of projects using the terms.

- [ ] Submit the text to [SPDX](https://spdx.org) for standardization as a license exception.

## Permission

Each contributor licenses you to do everything with the legal text that would otherwise infringe that contributor’s copyright in it.

If you make changes to the legal text, you must remove all mention of "Credit Requirement" as well.

***As far as the law allows, the legal text comes as is, without any warranty at all, and no contributor will be liable to anyone for any damages related to the text or its use, for any kind of legal claim.***
